spotted deer appear nearby the cub
decides to try his luck his stalking
technique has greatly improved now he's
acting like a pro
he uses a tree front has come up he
places his paws with great care to avoid
making even the slightest rustle now his
success will depend on his timing close
but missed again
nevertheless this is real progress the
family has moved into the shade but this
very little space by the time the cub
returns there's no place for him his
mother makes it clear that he's not
welcome she's starting to lose patience
with her grown-up family the Cubs are
also far less tolerant of one another
[Music]
even their games now have an aggressive
edge it seems they want to play but are
nervous as to what might happen again
it's the females who show the most
aggression the squabbling continues as
one female tries to settle down for a
rest
[Music]
eventually this rivalry will force them
apart mother is equally hostile she's
beginning the process of making her cubs
less dependent on her
so the female cub has to find a spot of
her own she's not alone for long
her brothers are still ready to show
affection it's a peaceful interlude but
an increasingly rare one
you